.\" Manpage for ggolbik-basics.
.\" Contact support@ggolbik.de to correct errors or typos.

.\" We begin with the .TH macro. This macro expects at least five parameters in the order of:
.\" .TH [name of program] [section number] [center footer] [left footer] [center header]
.TH ggolbik-basics 1

.\" This is the name of the program, followed by a short (read: short) description of what it does or what the name stands for if it is in an acronym. This will be read by apropos, man -k, makewhatis and whatis.
.SH NAME
ggolbik-basics \- Prints hello world.

.\" Basically, this is the syntax used to run your program from the command line. An example would be like: foo [-d] [-e] [ -f filename]
.SH SYNOPSIS
ggolbik-basics

.\" This is where you describe what the program does. Because this is what the user is most likely going to look at first, it is important that this section is clear. If the user does not understand what is written here, you can expect your inbox to be filled with emails.
.SH DESCRIPTION
ggolbik-basics is a simple script which prints hello world.

.\" If your program uses options, as in the above SYNOPSIS section, this is where you explain what each option does. For instance, what does [-d] do when it is given as an argument to program foo? Explain here.
.SH OPTIONS
ggolbik-basics does not take any options.

.\" If there are any bugs in your program, or anything that does not work the way you want it to, put it here so the user knows.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.\" If your program is related in a way to another program, specify the program's name here, followed by its section number. For instance, program foo is a text editor. You might want to make references to say, the vi text editor and sh shell as: vi(1), sh(1)
.SH SEE ALSO
sh(1)

.\" Your name followed by your email address. Your email address is important here for a couple of reasons. Firstly, people can give you bug reports so you can fix up your program. Secondly, if you get stupid emails, you can reply with RTFM.
.SH AUTHOR
GGolbik (support@ggolbik.de)